the magical movies to unforgettable
adventures from the thrill of the
theater to the comfort of your home you
can always count on something new and
exciting from Disney join us now for a
special preview from Walt Disney
Pictures
I've heard a great deal about you Milan
you took your father's armor
ran away from home impersonated a
soldier endangered the lives of
thousands of men
and destroyed my parents
but so the world will know two great
things you have done
the greatest gift an honor is having you
for a daughter
enjoy all the magic at home with these
great Disney movies coming to video
before a young lion became a king
before a beauty tamed a beast before a
Latin
unleash the genie
there was a Little Mermaid who dreamed
of something more coming to video in
1998 that's kind of hairy and slobbery
to me have you lost your senses
completely he's a human girl mermaid
Walt Disney home video invite you to
enter a world of Enchantment where
dreams do come true
sing with me now this race he'll be
kissing our by sunsets Tigers into our
own
coming to video in 1998
magic all the music and all the
unforgettable characters Disney's most
beloved animated classic The Little
Mermaid
teenagers you give them an inch they
swim all over you everyone remembers
when one of Disney's most beloved
heroines brought an entire castle back
to life she's the one now
Belle is back in three new wonderful
stories
it's a feature-length storybook
adventure and it's only on video are you
ready
featuring all your favorite Beauty and
the Beast characters and lots of
exciting new friends Disney invite your
family to experience all the magic of
Beauty and the Beast and discovers
something about life together when you
own all the new fun and all the new
music this knees bells magical world
coming only to video February 1998
coming to video March 3rd 1998 one of
your favorite movies of all time Walt
Disney's 14th animated masterpiece Peter
Pan come on let's go it's the adventure
of a lifetime for some of Disney's most
beloved characters Peter Pan Wendy John
Michael and Tinkerbell as they take on
the most notorious villain ever Captain
Hook in Neverland we've got him this
time this classic tale is available for
the first time in a brand-new fully
restored 45th anniversary limited
edition this spring Disney's 14th
animated classic flies on the video for
45 days only
Peter Pan coming to video March 3rd 1998
it's one of the most important
discoveries ever made a metastable
compound that's highly viscous extremely
volatile and has an unbelievable
thanks for joining us for this special
preview and now our feature presentation
you